A: "I can't believe it took you so long to ask me out on a date."
B: "I always thought you liked Mark, so I didn't think I had a chance."
A: "I had this thing about him, but it's over. So, what do you like to do on your free time?"
B: "I like sports, watching movies, reading books. Things like that."
A: "What type of movies do you like?"
B: "I like drama and comedy."
A: "Me too. Mostly drama though. Have you seen Pay it forward?"
B: "Yeah. I loved that movie."
A: "It's one of my favorites. I cried so much at the end."
B: "I thought the idea of paying it forward was awesome."
A: "What was your favorite comedy?"
B: "Do you remember the Three Amigos?"
A: "Vaguely. I was pretty little when that came out."
B: "I don't remember it much back then, but I saw it again the other day and it cracked me up."
A: "Maybe I need to see that movie again."
B: "I think it is a classic. So many funny scenes."
A: "I really liked the Mask with Jim Carrey."
B: "He is hilarious. I love that guy."
A: "I like most of his movies. He is such a character."
B: "What else do you like to do?"
A: "Well, I like to exercise."
B: "Where do you exercise?"
A: "I go to a health club by my house. But on a nice day, I like to jog around the lake."
B: "That's good. I like to stay in shape too. But I do that by playing a lot of sports. Do you play any sports?"
A: "I played a little bit in high school, but nothing really these days."
B: "Have you tried golf?"
A: "Don't start with that. My dad always nagged at me to play, but I never got into it."
B: "What do you usually do with your friends?"
A: "We go out shopping a lot."
B: "Where do you usually go?"
A: "Usually downtown. It's more fun in the city than in the mall. Plus, there are too many high school students at the mall."
B: "I know some girls like bags, and some like shoes, what do you like to shop for the most?"
A: "I can never have too many pairs of shoes. I have like 30 pairs already, but I am always shopping for more."
B: "Oh. The foods here."
A: "Great. I'm so hungry."
B: "After dinner, do you want to catch a movie?"
A: "Sure. I'm always up for a good movie."
